[MIG] partner_external_map: Migration to 16.0 (#1419)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_external_map/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpartner--contact-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/15.0/partner_external_map
    :alt: OCA/partner-contact
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/partner-contact-15-0/partner-contact-15-0-partner_external_map
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/134/15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> In the old days of Odoo/OpenERP, back in version 6.1, there was an official
> *google_map* module ; this module added a *Map* button on the partner form view
> and, when the user clicked on that button, it would open a new tab on its web
> browser and go to Google Map with a search on the address of the partner.
> 
> This module aims at restoring this feature with several improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds buttons on the partner form to open a new tab with
the map or the route to the address of the partner.
```
